Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the Gifted Charts Demo app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Abhinandan Kushwaha (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".


Information Collection and Use
The Application does not collect any information from the users. It is just a demo app that demonstrates charts made using the open source library named react-native-gifted-charts.

Third Party Access
No access to third party services.

Google Play Services

No personal data collected
Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.


Data Retention Policy
No data is collected and retained


Children
The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.


The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case the Service Provider discover that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (kushabhi5@gmail.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.


Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.


Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.


This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-05-16

Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at kushabhi5@gmail.com.

